[Excel] (Custom Functions) Minor changes + whitespace adjustments to custom-functions-json.md (#2273)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-json.md

---
ms.date: 10/22/2020
description: 'Define JSON metadata for custom functions in Excel and associate your function ID and name properties.'
title: Create JSON metadata for custom functions in Excel
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Create JSON metadata for custom functions

As described in the [custom functions overview](custom-functions-overview.md) article, a custom functions project must include both a JSON metadata file and a script (either JavaScript or TypeScript) file to register a function, making it available for use. Custom functions are registered when the user runs the add-in for the first time and after that are available to the same user in all workbooks.

[!include[Excel custom functions note](../includes/excel-custom-functions-note.md)]

We recommend using JSON autogeneration when possible instead of creating your own JSON file. Autogeneration is less prone to user error and the `yo office` scaffolded files already include this. For more information on JSDoc tags and the JSON autogeneration process, see [Autogenerate JSON metadata for custom functions](custom-functions-json-autogeneration.md).

> However, you can make a custom functions project from scratch; it requires that you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you can make a custom functions project from scratch but it requires you to:
```

The `options` object enables you to customize some aspects of how and when Excel executes the function. The following table lists the properties of the `options` object.

| Property          | Data type | Required                               | Description |

> | :---------------- | :-------- | :------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

Reviewer: At least 3 dashes are needed but you don't need the number of dashes to match the maximum number of characters in a subsequent row for that column.
```suggestion
| :---------------- | :-------- | :------------------------------------- | :---------- |
```

Author: Sweet! Thanks, I wondered why there were so many dashes here.
